(Episode 19)
I want to kiss you.
You can dodge me if you don't want to.
Come on!
Did you think I wouldn't dodge you? You can't laugh after crying.
You're so mean.
We can start kissing now.
Then I won't let you just do it.
Fine. You can choose.
The teenage version, the 20s version, or the 30s version?
I'll take all, and add a refrigerator kiss on top.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
The person you have called can't come to the phone...
Love is so interesting.
Remember when I met your mother?
I was curious of how it went, but I didn't ask.
Why?
I thought I might make you feel uncomfortable.
You're bad at lying.
My mom's a very difficult person.
She has a very complicated family history.
If I had met her before I fell in love with you,
I would've run away.
But?
But now that I've met her after having fallen for you,
it made me love you even more.
I felt sympathetic.
Do you dislike the fact that I feel sympathy?
No, I like it.
It's love plus sympathy.
It's something that's been added to love.
I love you.
I'm in love with you.
I know.
You can pick it up.
No. I'm not going to let anyone bother this moment.
I can go by myself.
What time are you going to come tomorrow?
I'll be here in the morning with Kyung.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
You're nagging me again. You're such a nagger.
You'll fall.
I'm not going to fall. Oh, my gosh.
What did I tell you?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Do you want me to hold your hand?
(Temperature of Love)
Hyun Soo, should I get off?
- No, I can do it. - It'd be faster to just run.
We're almost here.
Hyun Soo, let me get off.
My gosh.
I didn't know this when I was riding in the back,
but it's hard to ride this thing.
It wasn't easy riding in the back.
My bottom hurts.
Yes, it was the same for me. It wasn't that comfortable.
It'd be better to ride a tandem bicycle.
This is a bad idea. It's uncomfortable for both people.
But back then, I didn't really think it was that uncomfortable.
When was that?
You don't need to know.
You can take your time. I'll go inside first.
Okay. By the way, did you choose who you're going to interview first?
Yes. It's Ms. Lim Soo Jung, the sommelier.
- See you. - Okay.
I'm going to interview the youngest chef in the kitchen.
The youngest chef!
When I first started doing this job,
I made very little money.
Was the pay very low?
No. I spent most of my earnings on drinking wine.
Aren't there a lot of customers who don't finish their wine?
Yes, there are.
I guess it could feel unhygienic to drink what others leave behind.
I have a strong stomach.
I drank whatever was left and wrote notes of what I thought of them.
That helped me gain a lot of knowledge.
You're incredible.
It's not incredible.
It's what everyone does to achieve their dream.
Then what was the hardest thing for you?
The hardest thing?
The fact that I couldn't eat Korean food whenever I wanted to.
My foreign friends, whom I lived with, didn't like the smell of...
garlic, kimchi, and doenjang.
I even made...
kimchi stew in the middle of the night and ate it under the covers.
My gosh, he's so talkative.
I should just listen to the recording.
Do you know how hard it is to peel 1,000 shrimps?
But your hands look so soft.
That's because I take care of them.
Back when I used to work at a buffet, I applied ointment...
and wore gloves to sleep every night because I had eczema.
Why are you working at a fine dining restaurant now?
It's quite different from what you used to do.
I figured it would be helpful for when I open up my own restaurant.
I personally think any menu is fine as long as it tastes good.
Who do you like best among all of your current colleagues?
I like everyone...
except for Ha Sung.
He kind of looks down on me.
He's enemies with Ha Sung.
What are you doing?
I'm thinking about developing a new menu.
Did you finish your interview?
We still have to interview Min Ho.
It seemed like he'd have a lot to say, so we saved him for last.
In every organization,
the newest employees always have the most to say.
They're the most helpful when it comes to writing a drama script.
(Mr. Park)
Hey, Mr. Park.
What are you doing?
I'm doing interviews.
I need to see you. I have something to tell you.
Okay. Where should I meet you?
Thank you.
I'm surprised that you asked me to meet you at a place like this.
You normally like to go to fancy places.
You really don't know much about me.
I like places like this too.
I'm sorry.
What is it that you need to tell me?
I should just get straight to the point.
You know the famous celebrity, Yoo Hye Jung, right?
Of course, I do. I'm a fan of hers.
I sent her the synopsis and the script.
She won't star in my drama because I'm a nobody.
She wants to see you in person.
- Really? - Really.
She can't star in due to her schedule,
but she likes the story so much that she wants to see you.
- You don't have to. - I want to.
Thank you so much.
Let's go out for a walk.
Do you know Hye Jung personally?
Or was it your first time meeting her?
I met her a few times before.
She appeared in one of our movies.
I see. Isn't she so pretty?
Do you like her that much? I mean, she won't star in your drama.
But she likes my story. I'll aim for another chance.
We need to change our relationship like we met for the first time.
From now on, you must come to see me whenever I need you.
No excuse is allowed.
All right.
I don't think I'll have excuses...
because I work at home most of the time.
[VIU Ver] E19 Temperature of Love
"I Miss You, I Miss You, I Miss You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What are you doing?
You came at a perfect timing.
What?
I developed this for our new menu.
Try it.
It tastes like something's missing.
What could it be?
What brings you here? You aren't in the list of our lunch reservations.
I met someone around here and stopped by.
I want to know...
more about you these days.
Don't like me too much.
I have a girlfriend now.
I told you this when I met you in Paris.
That I was dumped by a girl before I came to Paris.
I met her again.
Didn't you say she was engaged?
There was a misunderstanding. I was told the wrong information.
I'd like to introduce her to you. You'll be surprised.
All right.
Then tell her to join this weekend when I'll propose to my girl.
Let's meet together.
That'll be perfect.
Great.
I should try adding some popping sugar to it.
Hello, this is Good Soup.
When will you make a reservation?
Is it true that one of your customers almost died...
due to the allergic reaction?
It's been settled well. We won't let it happen again.
So it's true.
I won't go there ever again.
Is it because of the allergy incident?
I think someone posted it on the Internet.
(Is this the place you talked about?)
The full story of the allergy incident in Good Soup.
It serves the worst food for its price.
My comments after visiting Good Soup.
I went there...
- and it was too expensive. - It's too expensive.
I expected a lot since it came out on TV, but it wasn't that great.
Click on that one.
(The full story of the allergy accident in Good Soup)
"I knew it'd be fake."
"Their service was so poor compared to its expensive price."
I heard they didn't check on their customer's allergy...
and almost killed the customer.
"The chef was so young, and he only showed off his looks."
I guess we won't have as many reservations for the time being.
It's not the problem.
We might go back to how things were before the broadcast.
It's okay.
Many customers have visited our restaurant so far,
so I'm sure some of them will visit us again.
I thought I came in the wrong office.
I love this place.
What brings you here?
I don't want to work at Hyun Soo's old studio.
Her career was ruined while she worked there.
It might jinx me, so I won't.
How is the casting going?
We're drawing up a list.
What about the air time?
It's your debut drama, so it'll depend on which actors star in.
You'll have to play an important role in casting those actors.
The script is most important these days.
That's what people say, but I know it's not true.
Actors will star in the drama if their interests are satisfied.
And it's your job...
to satisfy their interests.
Let's check the script first and talk. The airtime comes after.
We have an interview with Min Ho tomorrow,
and I'll catch up with Jung Sun.
Then I'll go interview Min Ho.
Enjoy your time with Chef On.
That's...
necessary.
Indeed.
- It must be Hong Ah. - She's coming today?
Yes.
Ta-da. Look what I bought for you.
What is it?
Guess what? I'm making a debut.
(She'll make a debut with her script.)
I just gave Mr. Park my revised script.
Congratulations.
Now that you won the competition, everything's going so well for you.
How is it going for you?
I have to prepare for my drama too.
It's impressive how you keep working instead of taking a rest.
What is all of this?
That's only a preview.
Ta-da. This is the real.
- Is this for me? - Yes.
You feel better whenever you wear pretty clothes.
Gosh, it's so pretty.
You're the best.
Enjoy your time.
Hyun Soo.
Are you still mad at me?
I thought about it,
and you said you didn't like Jung Sun first.
So I didn't do anything wrong...
when it comes to your relationship with him.
What's the use in bringing that out now?
You said I hurt your feelings because of that,
so I thought about it.
I really thought you were getting married to Mr. Park.
Let's not talk about it. It's all in the past.
You say it's in the past, and why are you so cold to me?
I need time to clear up my feelings.
I'm not going to work in your studio.
I decided not to join "Unruly Detectives" either.
I'm trying my best not to bother your feelings too.
You were close with me before you became close with Kyung.
Think of the time we spent together.
You shouldn't forget that.
I thought you'd go out with Hyun Soo and eventually marry her.
What did you do for the past five years?
That I was dumped by a girl before I came to Paris.
I met her again.
Didn't you say she was engaged?
There was a misunderstanding. I was told the wrong information.
I'd like to introduce her to you. You'll be surprised.
Goodness.
The first planning intention.
Temperature is important in cooking.
A soup dish is most delicious...
when it's at 60 to 70°C for hot soups.
What are you doing?
I miss you.
(What are you doing?)
You want to meet up? I'll go to where you are.
(You want to meet up? I'll go to where you are.)
I'll go.
You worked all day long today. I know you're tired.
Aren't you tired?
Should I be?
I mean, I'm just worried you might be.
Being a chef is tough. You have to work from dawn to night.
Thanks for knowing.
It's good to ride a bike in this neighborhood.
Especially at night alone with someone.
Alone with someone?
Whom did you ride a bike with?
I'm going to. With Hyun Soo.
Aren't you hungry now that you've exercised?
- Come here. - What is it?
- Wait here. - Okay.
It's a new menu which I developed.
Please be a tester in a while.
It looks amazing.
It's called Oyster Pop Champagne Granita.
Granita means Italian ice sherbet.
It tastes like champagne is bubbling in my mouth.
They usually have oyster with champagne,
but I combined the two in one dish.
It's delicious. You're brilliant.
What do you mean?
How did you think of such an idea?
It goes the same for writers too.
I have something to brag about too.
Do you know who Yoo Hye Jung is?
She's the most famous Korean Wave actress.
I'm not sure. Shall I look it up on the internet?
- Yes. - Okay.
(Yoo Hye Jung)
It's her.
Mr. Park sent her my piece,
and she loved it so much that she wanted to see me.
I told you, your writing is good.
"The Man Who Eats Rare Steak" was fun too.
Did you watch it?
Yes, I watched it.
Hong Ah told me that you won the competition.
I'm so happy to hear that.
I'm regaining my confidence.
In that sense, let's toast.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
It's good.
What was that?
Do I still have it on my lips?
("Noir")
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
Kind Soup...
Good Soup...
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
(Mr. Park)
Hello?
What are you doing?
I'm at home.
Come to my office.
What? At this hour?
Why?
Didn't I tell you to make a change in our relationship?
I need to talk to you.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
How did you come here?
I came by my car.
Did something happen to your company?
You look worried.
Am I right?
Yes, a little.
You seem different lately.
So you're not completely indifferent to me.
I'm grateful to you.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
How is your writing going?
I'm working hard.
What about the interviews?
We're doing it at Good Soup.
Does Chef On help you a lot?
Yes, he does.
Okay.
I'm drunk, so I can't take you home.
Tell me if you're going through anything.
I'll help if I can.
Not today.
I don't think I can control my emotions today.
Aren't you going home?
I won't. I'm going to sleep here tonight.
Thanks for today.
Don't try to bear everything by yourself.
I can be someone you can talk to.
Get in. I'll walk you to the parking lot.
When I proposed to you a long time ago,
did you think it was weird?
We weren't even seeing each other, but I proposed to you.
I don't think there's a right answer to such a matter.
When I was young, I thought love was based on trust,
but I don't think that anymore.
Love and trust are two different words.
You can love someone...
even if you don't trust them.
You can marry someone only when there's trust.
It's difficult even if you love the other.
I hope you meet someone nice.
Because you're a good man.
Don't come out. I'll go alone from here.
Go home and sleep.
Why would you sleep in that cold office?
Why do you always pick grass whenever I come up here?
You're like an old man.
You come here often lately.
Is it because Professor Min started a new semester?
Daniel doesn't have any lecture today.
I came to Seoul with him because we have business to take care of.
I want to have breakfast here before then.
Good Soup can't give you breakfast now. Go buy it yourself.
I know you have many ingredients in the kitchen.
I'll go make it myself.
What's the password?
Of course, you won't let me know.
I'll ask Daniel to buy breakfast on his way here, okay?
The third planning intention.
The professional cooking field is a men's world.
There's a strict hierarchy.
It consists of chefs who are in charge...
of each part of the cooking.
(Mother)
Hello?
Yes, Mother. Please go ahead.
So your phone is working.
I thought your phone broke because you didn't call me.
I see.
I'm having brunch at Good Soup now.
I will be going to Good Soup today too.
I'm doing my research there for my new drama these days.
Oh, really? Then that's great.
I'll see you later.
Okay, then I'll see you there.
Okay.
I couldn't find a donut shop nearby.
So I had to walk a long way from here.
Thank you.
I also told your son to come.
He's here.
Sit down.
Daniel...
No. Professor Min really cares a lot for you.
I have to get back to work, so I can't stay for long.
I added two espresso shots.
I called Hyun Soo. I did well, right?
When are you going to get married with her?
She's not that young. You guys should hurry up.
What does age have to do with marriage?
You should either get married late or not get married at all.
You first got married when you were 25.
Then you got remarried when you were 41.
Why are you forcing your opinion on marriage on him?
I never forced anything.
I was just telling him my personal thoughts.
You sounded a bit too firm. That's the same thing as forcing it on him.
She might not be able to say it, but I'm sure she wants to get married.
You're the younger one, so you should be more considerate.
I'll go downstairs now.
You were just talking to me, right?
No.
We may not have had a wedding or registered our marriage,
but we still love each other.
That's all that matters.
But it sounds like you want to go through a marriage registration.
You're really quick-witted when it comes to things like this.
Gosh.
Hello?
I was just about to leave my house.
Did my mom call you?
Yes, I'm on my way out because she asked me to come.
You don't need to come. I'll make up an excuse.
I'm not a kid.
I can talk to her myself. Am I not allowed to do that?
No, you can do that.
I feel like getting to know your mother...
will help me get to know you...
and love you even more.
(Episode 20 will air shortly.)